Adds a more step by step guide to Federation (#9)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/integrations/apollo-federation.adoc

> [[apollo-federation]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[apollo-federation]]
:description: This guide shows how to create a subgraph using the Neo4j GraphQL Library, for composition into a supergraph using Apollo Federation.
```

> = How to create a subgraph compatible with Apollo Federation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Create a subgraph compatible with Apollo Federation
```

> This guide shows you how to create a subgraph using the Neo4j GraphQL Library, for composition into a supergraph using Apollo Federation. In this guide, the following monolithic schema will be converted into a subgraph schema for use behind a Federation gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to create a subgraph using the Neo4j GraphQL Library, for composition into a supergraph using Apollo Federation. 

The objective is to convert the following monolithic schema into a subgraph schema for use behind a Federation gateway:
```

[source, javascript]
----
import { ApolloServer } from "@apollo/server";
import { startStandaloneServer } from "@apollo/server/standalone";
import { Neo4jGraphQL } from "@neo4j/graphql";
import neo4j from "neo4j-driver";

const typeDefs = `#graphql
  type User {
    id: ID!
    name: String!
  }
`;

const {
  NEO4J_URI = "neo4j://localhost:7687/neo4j",
  NEO4J_USERNAME = "neo4j",
  NEO4J_PASSWORD = "password",
} = process.env;

const driver = neo4j.driver(NEO4J_URI, neo4j.auth.basic(NEO4J_USERNAME, NEO4J_PASSWORD));

const neo4jgraphql = new Neo4jGraphQL({
  typeDefs,
  driver,
})

const schema = await neo4jGraphQL.getSchema();

const server = new ApolloServer({
  schema,
});

const { url } = await startStandaloneServer(server);
console.log(`🚀  Server ready at ${url}`);
----

> == 1. Create a new project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create a new project and install the Apollo Server
```

> Follow the steps in xref::how-to-guides/create-project.adoc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Follow the steps in xref::how-to-guides/create-project.adoc[How to create a new project].

. Besides the dependencies installed in the previous step, you must install `@apollo/server`, the library for Apollo Server.
It is used in this guide to host the subgraph:

[source, bash]
----
npm install @apollo/server
----
```

> == 2. Install dependencies

Reviewer: If you accept the previous suggestion, please delete this section

The core dependencies for a Neo4j GraphQL Library have already been installed in your new project.

The final dependency to install is `@apollo/server`, the library for Apollo Server. It is used in this guide to host the subgraph.

Run the following command to install this final package:

[source, bash]
----
npm install @apollo/server
----

> == 3. Opt in to Federation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Opt in to Federation
```

For a set of type definitions to be usable as a subgraph for Federation, they must include the following schema extension:

[source, javascript]
----
const typeDefs = `#graphql
  extend schema @link(url: "https://specs.apollo.dev/federation/v2.0", import: ["@key"])

  type User {
    id: ID!
    name: String!
  }
`;
----

> NOTE: This example only includes the Federation `@key` directive. As you want to use more https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/federated-types/federated-directives[Federation directives], you will need to add them to the `import` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this example only includes the Federation `@key` directive. 
To use more https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/federated-types/federated-directives[Federation directives], add them to the `import` array.
```

> == 4. Define an entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Define an entity
```

> In order for other subgraphs to be able to contribute fields to the `Movie` type, we must define that type as an https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/entities/[entity]. You do this by using the `@key` directive to designate a field (or fields) as a key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining a type as an https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/entities/[entity] allows other subgraphs to contribute with fields to the `Movie` type.
To achieve that, use the `@key` directive to designate a field (or fields) as a key:
```

[source, javascript]
----
const typeDefs = `#graphql
  extend schema @link(url: "https://specs.apollo.dev/federation/v2.0", import: ["@key"])

  type User @key(fields: "id") {
    id: ID!
    name: String!
  }
`;
----

> NOTE: Whilst only the `@key` directive has been added in this example, you should consider using either the `@id` or `@unique` directive on the `id` field. The Federation gateway expects each key to resolve to one result, so it is good practice to ensure that these values are unique in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although only the `@key` directive has been added to this example, consider using either the `@id` or the `@unique` directives on the `id` field.
The Federation gateway expects each key to resolve to one result, so it is good practice to ensure that these values are unique in the database.
```

> == 5. Generate a subgraph schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Generate a subgraph schema
```

When using the Neo4j GraphQL Library, generating the subgraph schema is as simple as calling `getSubgraphSchema` instead of `getSchema`, so only the following line needs to be changed:

[source, javascript]
----
const schema = neo4jgraphql.getSubgraphSchema();
----

> == Complete example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Conclusion
```

> The above snippets are combined below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By combining all previous snippets, you should get this:
```
